add monthly March 2020 (#138)
tikv/website: content/blog/monthly-march-2020.md

---
title: This Month in TiKV - March 2020
date: 2020-04-02
author: TiKV Authors
---

In this unprecedented global situation, we hope all of you could keep a positive attitude and stay healthy.  

Let’s take a look at what we have achieved in March!

## News

TiKV has finished[ a third-party security assessment](https://tikv.org/blog/tikv-pass-security-audit/)! This assessment of the TiKV scope, curated by CNCF and executed by Cure53 in early 2020, concludes with generally positive results. The full report is available [here](https://tikv.org/blog/TiKV-Security-Audit.pdf).

> The TiKV community had the first-ever community meeting on March 26, 2020. Liu Tang ([@siddontang](https://github.com/siddontang)), one of our maintainers, kicked off the meeting, and the community manager, Calvin Weng ([@dcalvin](https://github.com/dcalvin)) shared about recent updates on community governance and membership. Also, a demo of Unified Read Pool, a thread pool in Rust to improve TiKV’s performance in allocating and scheduling resources, was presented by Yilin Chen ([@sticnarf](https://github.com/sticnarf)) at the end of the meeting. In case you missed it, the recording video is available [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkDvakA-efA&feature=youtu.be) and the meeting notes are available [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CWUAkBrcm9KPclAu8fWHZzByZ0yhsQdRggnEdqtRMQ8/edit#heading=h.ut5w82fnx9bc).

Reviewer: add link for unified thread pool

We have two new TiKV maintainers - Daobing Li ([@lidaobing](https://github.com/lidaobing)) from JD Cloud & AI and Fu Chen ([@fredchenbj](https://github.com/fredchenbj)) from Yidian Zixun. Congratulations! We look forward to working with them. The nominating PRs are here:

> *   [Daobing Li](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/7237)

Reviewer: Use the PR title instead of name

---
title: This Month in TiKV - March 2020
date: 2020-04-02
author: TiKV Authors
---

> In this unprecedented global situation, we hope all of you could keep a positive attitude and stay healthy.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this unprecedented global situation, we hope you can all keep a positive attitude and stay healthy.  
```

Let’s take a look at what we have achieved in March!

## News

> TiKV has finished[ a third-party security assessment](https://tikv.org/blog/tikv-pass-security-audit/)! This assessment of the TiKV scope, curated by CNCF and executed by Cure53 in early 2020, concludes with generally positive results. The full report is available [here](https://tikv.org/blog/TiKV-Security-Audit.pdf).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TiKV has finished[ a third-party security assessment](https://tikv.org/blog/tikv-pass-security-audit/)! This assessment of the TiKV scope, commisioned by CNCF and executed by Cure53 in early 2020, concludes with generally positive results. The full report is available [here](https://tikv.org/blog/TiKV-Security-Audit.pdf).
```

> The TiKV community had the first-ever community meeting on March 26, 2020. Liu Tang ([@siddontang](https://github.com/siddontang)), one of our maintainers, kicked off the meeting, and the community manager, Calvin Weng ([@dcalvin](https://github.com/dcalvin)) shared about recent updates on community governance and membership. Also, a demo of [unified thread pool](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1HWC9SmthBdbp633wLCtORRvCwQqAfJ8zWkjr82O_gN0/edit#slide=id.g71ef919454_1_5), a thread pool in Rust to improve TiKV’s performance in allocating and scheduling resources, was presented by Yilin Chen ([@sticnarf](https://github.com/sticnarf)) at the end of the meeting. In case you missed it, the recording video is available [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkDvakA-efA&feature=youtu.be) and the meeting notes are available [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CWUAkBrcm9KPclAu8fWHZzByZ0yhsQdRggnEdqtRMQ8/edit#heading=h.ut5w82fnx9bc).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The TiKV community held its first-ever community meeting on March 26, 2020. Liu Tang ([@siddontang](https://github.com/siddontang)), one of our maintainers, kicked off the meeting, and the community manager, Calvin Weng ([@dcalvin](https://github.com/dcalvin)) shared about recent updates on community governance and membership. Also, a demo of [unified thread pool](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1HWC9SmthBdbp633wLCtORRvCwQqAfJ8zWkjr82O_gN0/edit#slide=id.g71ef919454_1_5), a thread pool in Rust to improve TiKV’s performance in allocating and scheduling resources, was presented by Yilin Chen ([@sticnarf](https://github.com/sticnarf)) at the end of the meeting. In case you missed it, the recording video is available [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkDvakA-efA&feature=youtu.be) and the meeting notes are available [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CWUAkBrcm9KPclAu8fWHZzByZ0yhsQdRggnEdqtRMQ8/edit#heading=h.ut5w82fnx9bc).
```

Author: It seems no suggested change here. Can you specify them? Thank you.

    *   Bug fixes
*   [4.0.0-beta.2](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/releases/tag/v4.0.0-beta.2)
    *   A new feature: to support the configuration of persistent dynamic update in [#6684](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/6684)
    *   Bug fixes

## Reading materials

[@YangKeao](https://github.com/YangKeao) wrote [Quickly Find Rust Program Bottlenecks Online Using a Go Tool](https://pingcap.com/blog/quickly-find-rust-program-bottlenecks-online-using-a-go-tool/) to introduce the experience of using the Go tool pprof to visualize TiKV’s profiling data.

In the recap of [RocksDB in TiKV](https://tikv.org/blog/rocksdb-in-tikv/) in a 2017 meetup, [@siddontang](https://github.com/siddontang) shared about how the friendship between RocksDB and TiKV came into being and how it has developed. 

## Notable PRs

[@overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus) supported encryption at rest in [#6990](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/6990).

[@zhangjinpeng1987](https://github.com/zhangjinpeng1987) calculated CPU quota and memory limit in the container environment in [#7074](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/7074), and automatically adjusted related configurations in TiKV.

> [@yiwu-arbug](https://github.com/yiwu-arbug) added utilities to enable AWS IAM in k8s in [#7201](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/7201).

Reviewer 2: What is "IAM"? Probably better to spell out Kubernates rather than use k8s

> [@loxp](https://github.com/loxp) added swagger supports in [#2276](https://github.com/pingcap/pd/pull/2276).

Reviewer 2: What is this?

> [@innerr](https://github.com/innerr) implemented the pipelined pessimistic lock in [#6984](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/6984), which can improve much performance of the pessimistic transaction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[@innerr](https://github.com/innerr) and [@youjiali1995](https://github.com/youjiali1995) implemented pipelined pessimistic locks in [#6984](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/6984). Pipelining can improve performance in pessimistic transactions.
```

## Notable issues

> **Helped wanted issues (mentoring available)**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Help wanted issues (mentoring available)**
```

> [@zhangjinpeng1987](https://github.com/zhangjinpeng1987) suggested improving the coverage of the components/codec module, the coverage of components/raftstore module and the coverage of the components/tidb_query_datatypes module separately in [#7186](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/7186), [#7191](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/7191) and [#7192](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/7192).

Reviewer 2: does coverage mean test coverage?

> [@breeswish](https://github.com/breeswish) created issue [#7039](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/7039), requesting a feature to optimize the coprocessor analytical performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[@breeswish](https://github.com/breeswish) created issue [#7039](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/7039), requesting a feature to optimize the coprocessor's analytical performance.
```

**Call for participation**

> [@MyonKeminta](https://github.com/MyonKeminta) opened issue [#7153](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/7153), requesting to avoid incorrect "engine" label to distinguish nodes with different engines. [@overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus) and [@disksing](https://github.com/disksing) presented their opinions on this issue, and what is yours?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[@MyonKeminta](https://github.com/MyonKeminta) opened issue [#7153](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/7153), requesting to avoid incorrect "engine" label to distinguish nodes with different engines. [@overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus) and [@disksing](https://github.com/disksing) presented their opinions on this issue; what is yours?
```
